Copyright 2022 BIRDS Group, IIT Madras

This file is part of BioEmbedS project

BioEmbedS is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

BioEmbedS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with BioEmbedS.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


The results for this Machine learning setup are reported using 5-fold cross validation. This folder contains a seperate file for each fold.
The entire dataset is already divided into 5 bins considering only the hormones having atleast 5 genes. One set of bins is for postive (associated) genes and the other for negative (non-associated or random) genes. Make sure the folder structure for reading the input and writing the output is correct depending on the path from which you execute the script.

- Run the BioEmbedS_fold0.py file to run the experiments. Make sure to change the test_bin number among [0,1,2,3 or 4] in the script to run the required fold. 

The models obtained on each of the 5 folds are saved in the models folder.
The oversampled datasets used to train the model to get results on the test set are also stored in the dataset folder.
The output generated by each fold is stored in an fold_number.out file in the output folder. It also saves the predictions made on the test set for each fold and the average scores obtained for every parameter combination on the validation sets (model_scores files).

- BioEmbedS_disease_gene_predictions.py  - 

- cosine_similarity_analysis.py - 

- human_vs_mouse - 

- results_on_out_of_training_hormones.py - 