Copyright 2022 BIRDS Group, IIT Madras

This file is part of BioEmbedS project

BioEmbedS is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

BioEmbedS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with BioEmbedS.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


The results for this Machine learning setup are reported using 5-fold cross validation. This folder contains a seperate file for each fold.


The entire dataset is already divided into 5 bins considering only the hormones having atleast 5 genes. One set of bins is for source genes and the other for target associated genes.

- Run the BioEmbedS_TS_fold0.py file to run the experiments. Make sure to change the test_bin number among [0,1,2,3 or 4] in the script to run the required fold. 

The files generated for the complete run of 5 folds is present in the folders for reference

The models obtained on each of the 5 folds are saved in the models folder.
The output generated by each fold is stored in an fold_number.out file in the output folder. It also saves the predictions made on the test set for each fold.
BioEmbedS_TS_fold0.py is used to generate Suppl. Table S4 and S5.

- generate_roc_pr_curves.py is used to get the combined ROC and PR curves across the 5 folds. Used to generate Figure 3(c)

- out_of_training_hormones_analysis 
Run this file to get results on applying BioEmbedS-TS model to classify source genes and target genes of unseen hormones(not used in training set).
Used to generate Figure 3(d).